In this README we will prove that our system maintain anonymity and liveness.

we will assume that clients are good. We can do that because the system creates whatsapp, and that means that the users knows who is in the group and won't let an evil clients to join to the group.
we will assume that 3 servers are good and one maybe malicious.
The malicious server can do whatever it want: act normal, not respond and send gibberish.

now we will present normal running of the system:
a. we have 4 servers and 1 of them is malicious.
b. clients are starting to connect to the servers, the order of connection to the servers is crucial
c. each EPOCH, the clients send msgs to the servers, and received the msgs of the previous EPOCH from the servers
c1. if the client have a msg to send - the client will send this msg
c2. if the client don't have any msg - the client will send an empty msg
d. the client recover the msgs from the servers
e. when she desire, the client can read previous msgs, she can read the msgs from the last EPOCH only or from the time she joined the group. One can't read msgs from before her join.
f. the client can quit the group whenever she want.

HOW THE CLIENT SEND MSG? (real msg and empty msg)
1. the client convert the msg to an int using hexlify, hexlify(empty msg) == 0
2. the client choose a polynomial function, f, with 1 degree (because we have only 1 malicious server) where f(0) = msg
3. the client create 4 points of this polynomial function [(1, f(1)), (2,f(2)),...]
4. the client create LEN_OF_BOARD empty msgs. (steps 2-3)
5. the client choose randomly location in the board and replace the empty msg with the real msg
6. the client create 4 lists where len == LEN_OF_BOARD, [f(i),g(i),h(i),...] where f,g,h,... are the polynomial functions that created at 2 and 4, and i is the no. of the list.
7. the client send one list to each server.

HOW THE SERVER HANDLE MSGS?
0. the server has a list [0] * LEN_OF_BOARD
1. the server get a list from a client, and add it to its list
2. the server send the list back to the clients each EPOCH and zero the list

HOW THE CLIENT RECOVER MSGS?
1. the client get one list from each server (or nothing from the malicious)
2. the client organize the list by function (LEN_OF_BOARD list of 4 points and not 4 list of LEN_OF_BOARD points)
3. the client take lists of 2 points and decide what the real msg was accordingly
4. the client ignore the empty msgs and save the real msgs

PROVING ANONYMITY:
we claim that a malicious server can only knows who is connect to it and nothing more.
1. every client send a msg each EPOCH, so the server can't learn who send the msg
2. no server has an access to more than 1 point, never, so it can't learn what is the msg
3. a client send a msg each EPOCh, so the server can't know when a client send a msg
4. there is no board, so any one who want to read the msgs have to help to secure the anonymity of the system

PROVING LIVENESS:
as we have seen in class, if we have f malicious servers and we have at least 3f+1 servers, we can recover a real msg from a polynomial function with f degree, so liveness is secured

